End to End Encryption User Guide

When E2E is enabled on your workspace, users can create encrypted rooms and send encrypted messages.
info

IMPORTANT: E2E encryption functionality is currently in beta and includes notable restrictions that workspace owners should carefully consider before activating this feature for production use as follow:

    E2E encrypted messages will not appear in search operations.
    Bots or other ancillary systems interacting via webhooks or REST API cannot read E2EE encrypted messages.
    File uploads are not encrypted.
    Vconnct Enterprise enables users to reset their private E2E key to avoid permanent data loss during the beta period.

Getting started#

To use E2E Encryption, your Vconnct Enterprise workspace administrator must turn on the End to End Encryption feature.
Set E2E Encryption Password#

If E2E Encryption is enabled on your workspace, you see a banner notifying you to Enter your E2E Password.

    Click on the banner
    A modal is displayed with your password.
    Copy and store the password securely. You'll need it when using Vconnct Enterprise on another device.
    Confirm by clicking on I Saved My Password.

Changing Encryption Password#

To change your Encryption password,

    Click your avatar and select My Account.
    Navigate to Security > E2E Encryption.
    Set the new encryption password
    Click Save changes.

Starting an End to End Conversation#

To create an End to End Encrypted room,

    Follow this guide create-a-new-channel.md to create a room.
    Enable Encrypted.

Convert an existing room to use End to End encryption#
info

It must be a private room.

To convert an existing room to an encrypted room,

    Click the Room Information icon from the menu bar to view the Channel information. (link channel info).
    Click Edit to edit the Channel information.
    Toggle on Encrypted
    Click Save.

FAQ#

How can I tell if the room is encrypted?

If the room is using End to End Encryption you should see a key icon by the channel name.

How can I tell if a message is encrypted?

You will see a key icon by the username.
